Mistress:
Previously on "The Outpost"...
That'’s the ancient
Blackblood temple.
She'’s in there.
- Run, Janzo!
- Munt!
- Aah! What was that?
- Are you all right?
- Your weapons
are ineffective on me.
- We'’ll see about that.
- Did it work?
- I think so.
You cannot kill a god.
- There is a black kinj.
- Would it kill Yavalla?
It would kill whomever
its bearer touches.
Gallwood Outpost is now
the greatest threat to peace
in our world.
We must prepare to show them
the power of the United!
And thrust!
Good work.
You'’ll spend the rest of the day
training with some
of our more experienced
soldiers.
Tobin'’s finest.
Sergeant,
take your men and pair up
with the Queen'’s new recruits.
Run the drills.
Thank you, Sergeant.
I'’m in no danger
from Commander Spears.
He may approach me.
And do as he ordered.
What was that?
My men don'’t serve
at your pleasure,
Commander Spears.
Lord Tobin and I
are their commanders.
You serve the Queen,
who has given me authority
to act in her name.
Which is why
I approved your order.
I don'’t need your approval.
Really?
Apparently you do.
You wished to see me?
Baroness, this Outpost
in the last safe haven
against Yavalla'’s infection.
Our impenetrability
may well be essential
in the survival of our kind.
I'’m aware.
Then perhaps you might consider
supporting our efforts
rather than hindering them.
You were so threatened by me
you went running
to tell the Queen.
Trust me, Baroness,
I am not the least bit
threatened by you.
The Queen put me
in command of her army.
She did not put you
between me and my men.
Hand over full control
of your army or get out.
I won'’t ask you again.
It'’s Lord Tobin
you need to speak to.
It'’s his army.
Lord Tobin'’s not the problem.
You are.
I am loyal to my husband,
and he is loyal to you.
As far as I'’ve seen, Baroness,
you'’re only loyal to yourself.
You married Tobin not for love,
but to gain power.
- That'’s not true.
- Then swear your allegiance
to me as your Queen.
Stay out of my way.
As long as Lord Tobin
serves you, Your Majesty,
I will serve you.
He'’ll never love you
like he loves Rosmund.
Garret.
What do you know about love?
Red kinj! Aah! Aah!
[ gasps ]
[ both screaming ]
Aah! Stop!
Garret:
Are you all right?
You try that again,
and I will kill you
where you stand.
[ theme music playing ]
I don'’t understand how that
would have kept anybody
away from us.
Not anybody, Talon,
any insects.
Insects are repelled
by bafler weed and roflo root.
Yeah, well,
we have more to worry about
than just insects, Janzo.
Insects can carry
the infection just as much
as any other animal.
Oh, yes, I'’m sure Yavalla
is especially focused
on uniting with bugs.
Are you all right?
You and Zed just tried to burn
and decapitate my mother.
- I'’m sorry, Wren.
- But she didn'’t die.
My mother really cannot die.
We have to find another way
to kill her.
You'’re all right with that?
I have to be.
I'’m the one who enabled her.
I unlocked the meld box.
I solved the map.
I did everything she needed.
This is my fault.
Yeah, but you did all that
'’cause you're her daughter.
- You had no way of knowing
what she was after--
- No, I should have known.
I knew something wasn'’t right.
From the moment she returned
with that meld box
that she took from
your father, I knew it.
She took the box?
She said my father gave it
to her when he was dying.
No. She took that box.
- By force.
- Well, how do you know?
Because Yavalla went in
with eight men
and only three made it back.
That tells me your father
wasn'’t giving up
without a fight.
Well, is there a chance
he'’s still alive?
I wasn'’t there,
but from what I understand,
he'’s most likely dead.
But there'’s a possibility?
I'’m going to
the Plane of Ashes.
- She just said
he'’s probably dead, Talon.
- Yeah, probably.
- Not definitely.
- Talon, I know you really
want to meet your father,
- but is now really
the right time?
- Now is exactly the time.
If he knew where
the white kinj is,
he could know where
the black one is, too.
And we need that kinj.
Might be our only hope.
Talon, I'’m sorry. I truly am.
But he'’s almost
certainly dead.
You don'’t know that.
I mean, for all we know,
he could have the black kinj.
I mean, how else would
he single-handedly kill
five of Yavalla'’s men?
Well, he didn'’t
kill them all, Talon.
And he didn'’t stop Yavalla
from taking the box,
which means
they probably killed him.
I have to find out.
Then we have to go
to the Outpost first.
We don'’t have time
to go back to the Outpost.
Talon, you don'’t understand.
Even if Saivek survived,
you'’ll never be able
to find him.
The lava tubes are an endless
maze and you can get lost
in there for weeks
if you do now know your way.
- Tell her, Zed.
- She'’s right.
Without a guide or a map,
you could spend a lifetime
in those tubes.
My mother had a map
of the tunnel system
where she found your father.
I'’ve seen it.
Hopefully it'’s still
at the Outpost.
Go on. You'’re clean.
- Strom?
- Ana?
It'’s you. You made it.
I did what I had to do
to get my man.
Unhand me. She'’s my wife.
- She'’s infected.
- No! Please don'’t.
You have to go now.
If you come back
within 100 paces,
- they'’ll kill you.
- I can'’t leave you again.
- Please go!
- Come with me.
Join the United. You'’ll see.
It'’s wonderful.
- I can'’t.
- I'’ll be waiting for you,
husband.
- Spears!
- Tobin, I'’ve been
looking for you.
- It'’s about Falista.
Are you all right?
- Yeah, I just heard.
You threw her in jail
because her men respect her
more than you, is that right?
- Have you been drinking?
- Yes. What of it?
Falista has
the red kinj, all right?
She'’s very dangerous.
- She'’s dangerous?
- Yes.
Falista'’s dangerous?
That'’s funny.
Little, beautiful,
tiny Falista is dangerous?
Yes, hard as it might be
to believe.
- She'’s my wife.
- All right.
I think I'’d know a thing
like that wouldn'’t I, Spears?
Do you want to know
what'’s more believable?
What'’s that?
You and Rosmund are
threatened by Falista.
- All right.
- So you put her in jail
to control her.
I-- whoa.
- Now, I am telling
you the truth.
- No, you'’re not.
- No, hey!
- [ growls ]
Now, now, all right.
Hey. Hey!
[ groans ]
You made me do that.
But there is no reason
that this has to get
any further-- no!
[ music playing ]
- Tobin!
- [ groaning ]
Stop! Stop that.
Ah! Hey!
- No, no, no, no, no.
- [ yelling ]
No, no, no!
- What is wrong with you?
- Why are you doing this, huh?
- To protect her honor?
- Drop it!
- What are you doing?
- She forced you to marry her.
- Did that hurt?
- Yes!
- Good.
- Come on. No! Drop it!
Drop it. Stop!
No, don'’t break the chair!
- Youbroke the chair.
- Tobin, I don'’t...
...want to hurt you.
You'’re gonna have to pay
for that!
Tobin, enough.
Tobin, you need
to listen to me.
I know you'’re angry that
I got the job that you wanted.
I get that. I do.
And maybe you think that
I'’m somehow responsible
- for you losing Rosmund.
- Yes.
Yes to which part?
Yes to both.
Well, you need to see
past that to our friendship.
You need to look at everything
we'’ve been through together.
All right? I would--
I would not lie to you.
All right?
Did I hear you right?
That my wife has got a kinj?
Yes.
The red kinj that used
to be in One.
- What?
- She used it on Rosmund.
- She did what?
- And me.
A few more seconds and
we both would have been dead.
I wouldn'’t believe it myself
if I hadn'’t see it
with my own eyes.
- I'’m gonna speak with her.
- Just be careful.
That red kinj can kill you.
You fight pretty well
for a drunk guy.
[ both laughing ]
- I'’ll go find that map.
- Let me know when you find it.
- Where'’s Munt?
- Sorry, Warlita,
I couldn'’t save him.
- He'’s dead?
- No. He'’s just infected.
- Shut the gate and be
on the lookout.
- For what?
The infected.
They could come alone
or in the hundreds.
Seal this place tight.
Tobin, stay back.
I think I tried
to kill the Queen.
You think?
They said that thing
that was in Jaaris'’ head,
the one that used
to hurt people--
and now it'’s in my head.
I don'’t understand.
But when it happened,
I felt something here.
And there was nobody else there,
just me and the two of them
suffering horribly.
- So you didn'’t mean
to hurt anyone.
- No.
No, I don'’t think so.
Then your friend Garret
said something about
you loving Rosmund, not me.
- He said that?
- Then I got so angry.
Maybe I wanted to hurt him
or her. I don'’t--
It'’s not your fault.
You obviously don'’t know
how to control it.
You'’re hurt.
I'’m fine.
Is it true what he said?
I'’m gonna plead
your case to Rosmund.
I'’m gonna
get you out of here.
So, Yavalla can'’t be killed
and there'’s no cure.
We might as well
join her ranks.
There is one other option.
- There'’s a black kinj.
- Ugh, another kinj.
No, kinjes are only ever
the problem,
- never the solution.
- Not necessarily.
The green kinj brought you
and Tobin back from the dead.
Yes, by killing two people.
Don'’t you see, Talon?
There'’s always a price.
Any price is worth
stopping Yavalla.
What does the black kinj do?
It'’s a death kinj,
Kills anyone it touches.
- So it'’s a weapon?
- Maybe the only weapon
that'’ll kill Yavalla.
Where is it?
Don'’t suppose it's hiding
under the Outpost somewhere.
There'’s someone
in the Plane of Ashes
who might know where it is.
Who?
- My father.
- Oh.
Forgive me, Talon, but...
I thought you told me
that your father was dead.
Probably. But there is
a chance he'’s still alive.
Either way,
he'’s our only lead.
In the gods forsaken
Plane of Ashes.
Talon, are you sure
you'’re not only going
'’cause you want
to see your father?
Of course I want to see him.
What wouldn'’t you do
to see your father again?
I understand.
But perhaps it could wait?
I really need you here
during this crisis.
He might be the only
solution to the crisis.
Look,
I know it'’s a long shot,
but I don'’t see any other way
of stopping Yavalla, do you?
No.
Maybe we should all just escape
to the Plane of Ashes.
You wouldn'’t last
five minutes there.
It'’s a deadly place.
Why does it feel like
you'’re always going off
to die somewhere?
'’Cause I am.
But I haven'’t died yet,
have I?
You sent for me?
So what is the most important
thing in life?
Health!
This woman is infected.
[ crowd gasps ]
Look!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
Have no fear, dear people.
I, Higley Muggs,
come bearing
a miraculous cure.
Watch.
[ coughing ]
[ gasping ]
[ gasps ]
What happened?
How did I get here?
[ rat squeaking ]
Open the gate!
Did you see that?
There'’s a cure?
Well, obviously not, Garret.
Don'’t be so stupid.
He'’s a fraudster. A crook.
Just seven beads a dose.
Ten for two.
I'’m almost sold out!
Drink it now
and you'’re immune.
Excuse me, everybody.
Thank you, thank you.
Thank you. Right.
What are you peddling?
Oh, only the cure
to the contagion,
the remedy to the malady,
immunity from the community.
Unless it contains Ficter'’s sap,
you'’re selling nothing more
than a counterfeit cure,
which is dangerous
and irresponsible.
How dare you, sir!
I'’ve cured dozens and prevented
thousands from infection.
Give me it. Give me it!
I demand it
for testing purposes.
- Ahem.
- Seven beads.
[ clamoring ]
- There you are.
- Hey there, stranger.
What'’s this?
What are you doing?
Dug out my old sketch book.
- You drew all this?
- Mm-hmm.
Wow. That'’s a talent
I didn'’t know you had.
- You'’re really good.
- Used to be.
I don'’t draw much anymore.
- Who is this?
- That'’s my mother,
my brother.
And is that your father?
Yes.
You know, even back then
I could barely
remember his face.
You still think he'’s alive?
You spoke with Gwynn?
She wants me to talk you out
of going to find him.
- Yeah, well, I have to go.
- Talon, Yavalla'’s on her way
to the Outpost.
- We need you here.
- Which is why I have to go.
Yavalla got the meld box
that led to the white kinj
from my father.
If he'’s still alive,
he might know where
the black one is, too.
Talon, I--
your father is--
He'’s probably dead.
You don'’t pull your punches,
do you?
No, I-- I'’m being realistic,
and I wish you would be.
Well, I'’m going.
Gwynn couldn'’t talk me out
of it and neither can you.
Then I'’m coming with you.
No, you'’re not.
Gwynn needs you.
Talon, if you die
in the Plane of Ashes--
- Well, I won'’t.
- But if you do, I--
- You'’ll be with Gwynn.
- Stop that.
Now I am not interested
in Gwynn that way anymore.
You are the only one. Period.
End of story.
Please come back to me.
- I will.
- You better.
But if I don'’t, then--
Patience, Talon.
If Wren doesn'’t show up soon,
I'’m leaving without that map.
It'’s about time you showed up.
Did you find it?
No. Her room was
completely cleaned out.
There'’s nothing left.
That settles it then.
I'’m going without it.
Talon, you won'’t find him
without that map.
- Well, I have to at least try.
- Give me some more time, Talon.
I still might find it.
Azadar'’s the one
who cleaned it out.
Well, does he have it then?
No, he died in the fighting pit.
But I'’m betting that Vorsevus
has Azadar'’s things
- because they'’re half brothers.
- So, go ask him.
Yes, thank you, Zed.
I'’ve been looking for him.
Can'’t find him.
Give me some more time.
- He'’ll turn up.
- Find him fast
or I'’m going without the map.
- Now.
- Oh.
[ snoring ]
Ana? Ana?
Strom? Please let me in.
- You have to drink this first.
- What is it?
It'’s a cure. Drink it.
Yes. It worked. Now let me in.
- Are you sure?
- Of course.
- It'’s really you?
- Look into my eyes.
She never meant to hurt anyone.
She can'’t even control it.
Another moment and she would
have killed the queen,
- and maybe me, too.
- But she didn'’t, Garret.
She stopped before
it was too late.
You just said she can'’t
control it. Which is it?
She was able to stop it
before it did any lasting
damage to either of you.
She'’ll figure it out.
Besides, Rosmund,
she'’s terrified of that thing
inside of her.
Power can be
a frightening thing.
But when the trepidation
wears off, what will
she do with it?
Falista is power hungry.
- Why do you say that?
- Well, she married you.
Marrying me didn'’t
give her any more power
than she already had.
She married me because
she loves me, Rosmund.
- Oh, the truth at last.
- I said she loves me.
Not the other way around.
My love is still and will always
be for you, Rosmund.
Can we get back
to the topic at hand?
Falista has the red kinj.
You and Garret,
you'’re childhood friends.
You will always have
that special bond,
regardless of any other
relationship, correct?
- Yes.
- So Falista was my dearest
friend growing up.
- And then your lover.
- Just like you two.
Rosmund, I know her.
She'’s a good person.
You can trust her.
From what I'’ve seen,
I don'’t think I can.
- I'’m sorry, Tobin.
- Then trust me.
I can keep a close
watch on her.
I can keep her
from using the kinj.
- But how?
- Just don'’t let your jealousy
- affect your decision.
- How dare you?
My decision about
the fate of your wife
is based solely
on the safety of my people.
Please leave, Baron.
Tobin asked me to come see
if I can help you.
What can you do?
Fill in the blanks.
Help you understand
what'’s going on
inside that
little head of yours.
- And you'’re not afraid of me?
- Positively terrified.
But these days that seems to be
my constant state of being.
Sit.
Before we get started,
I would like to clarify
that I'’m doing this
at the request of Tobin
and not out of the kindness
of my own heart.
That'’s enough of my niceties.
Let'’s get on with it,
shall we?
The thing inside your head,
it'’s called a kinj.
They are living creatures
subsisting in cohabitation
with a host body.
- A parasite?
- Not exactly.
A parasite can be harmful
to the host, whereas a kinj,
well, a kinj can offer
substantial benefits.
But I don'’t want it
living in me.
I want it out.
Can'’t you cut it out?
As far as my research goes,
there are only two ways
to separate from a kinj.
One is to-- to pass it on
to somebody else
and the other is to die.
Now, given that this somehow
found it'’s way into you
after Jaaris was killed,
even death might not
get rid of it.
But-- but I could pass it on
to someone.
Yes.
No, no.
Absolutely not.
- Well, someone else.
- Well, I would hope not
just anybody, Falista.
The red kinj is extremely
dangerous in the wrong hands.
So I'’m to live out the rest
of my days in isolation
in a prison cell?
That'’s up to the queen.
[ music playing ]
I never thought
you'’d come yourself.
What? Should I be afraid
of you, Falista?
Well, you'’ve come
to judge me for yourself.
Whether you should let me out
or leave me here to die.
It'’s the hardest part
of being queen.
Well, let me
make it easy for you.
Don'’t let me out.
- I'’m dangerous.
- You'’re really prepared
to spend the rest
of your days in isolation?
No, but it appears I must.
You know, I see
what he sees in you.
- I beg your pardon?
- I finally see what it is
that Tobin loves about you.
I mean, look at you.
Wise, thoughtful,
and you'’re always
so damn dignified.
Flattering me isn'’t going
to change my decision.
No.
But it helped me make mine.
What are you doing?
Janzo says I can pass
the kinj to someone else.
Clearly it should be you.
You want to give
your kinj to me?
You would make
most use of it.
Surely you would learn
to use it wisely.
- No, I'’m not sure I should.
- From what Janzo'’s told me,
it would protect you
from Yavalla'’s kinj.
And I know that
you would learn to use it
for well and for good.
I would, yes.
Then take it.
It belongs in you, not in me.
I can'’t.
If I took that kinj,
then I'’d be no better
than the Three.
I don'’t want to rule by fear.
Well, then leave me in here.
I can'’t control it.
I am dangerous.
You know,
for what it'’s worth,
I, too, see what Tobin
sees in you.
Tobin sees very little
in me, apparently.
On the contrary,
he came to me practically
begging for your release.
He was acting like--
well, he was acting like a man
in love with his wife.
I think that probably
has more to do with
our growing up together.
Guards.
Lower your weapons.
Release the Baroness.
She'’s free to go.
Why?
I believe I misjudged you.
You were willing to give
the power to me,
and someone who does that is not
likely power hungry herself.
But I can'’t control it.
- What if I hurt someone?
- Go and see Zed and Talon.
They can teach you.
Tell them I sent you.
I trust you'’ll do
the right thing.
Vorsevus had it!
- He had it.
- That doesn'’t look like a map.
When the lava flows run dry,
they leave a network
of passages behind--
up, down, sideways.
Best way to map them
is in three dimensions.
Saivek lived deep inside
this web of tunnels here.
- Are you sure?
- Uh, yes.
- Then let'’s go now, Zed.
- Oh, no, no, no.
Not so fast.
There'’s a problem.
None of the notes say
which tunnel system this is.
Right? So there
are hundreds of tunnels,
but unless we know where
the right entrance is,
we have no idea
where to start.
Corven was still working
with Yavalla,
- wasn'’t he?
- Yes. So?
That'’s his stamp
on the bottom there.
I recognize it.
Which means he made this map.
Corven will know
which tunnel system this is.
Who'’s Corven?
My younger brother.
Brother? Never even knew
you had one.
You'’ve never mentioned him.
Well, in case
you didn'’t notice, Talon,
I don'’t do a lot of talking
about my private life.
Or is it just because
you left him behind
in the Plane of Ashes?
I didn'’t want to leave him.
Yavalla wanted him
with her, so--
Oh, so he chose to stay?
He was proud to serve
the Priestess.
Mm-hmm. So you think he could
lead us to the right tunnels?
Mm, I'’m sure he can.
Gods, I can'’t wait to see him.
- Really?
- Well, he is my brother.
- Then I'’m coming with you.
- What? Why?
Wren, we don'’t know what's on
the other side of the portal.
There could be fire storms,
angry Blackfists, fire worms.
Yes, yes. Do you not think
I know that, Talon?
Believe me,
the Plane of Ashes
is the last place I want
to return to.
You are going to need me
to help with Corven.
[ scoffs ]
Look, I know Corven
had a little thing for you,
but he'’s my brother,
and we'’re very close.
I'’m sure he's gonna help us
without you being there.
Mm, maybe not.
Wren, what aren'’t you
telling me?
Long story.
Can you tell it on the way?
We need to go now.
Now? Can I have half an hour
at least?
Just to let Janzo know
that we'’re going.
Wait a minute.
Tell me what'’s going on
with my brother.
I will meet you
in half an hour.
- At the Citadel.
- Mm-hmm.
What the hell
was she talking about?
I have no idea.
Didn'’t think Wren
was going to find that map.
And I never thought I'’d get to
go back to the Plane of Ashes.
- Talon?
- How did you escape?
Don'’t tell me
you killed someone.
Calm down.
Rosmund released me.
- She did? Why?
- You'’ll have to ask her that.
- So, what do you want?
- Rosmund sent me.
She wants you to teach me
how to control this--
- this thing in my head.
- Your kinj?
We don'’t have time for that.
We'’re on our way out.
And even if
we did have enough time,
we couldn'’t teach you.
You have to figure it out
on your own.
Well, can'’t you just
answer some questions?
Like, for example,
does it always hurt people
without me telling it to?
Without me being able
to stop it?
Mine'’s never acted on its own.
Mine has.
Once or twice to protect me.
Did the kinj change you
when you got them?
No. The power one gives you
can surely corrupt you.
Yeah, just look at Zed.
I didn'’t change at all
when I got the kinj.
No. You were an ass already.
She can'’t get enough of me.
One piece of advice.
Be careful
with that red kinj.
Everyone who'’s had it
has been an evil bastard
or has become one.
And try not to lose
your temper.
Tobin?
Falista?
You'’re free?
Wait, did you--
No. Everyone'’s fine.
Rosmund released me.
Stop.
I'’m afraid I'll hurt you.
I'’m not.
I have something
to say to you.
What'’s wrong?
Are you all right?
I know you argued
on my behalf
to the Queen
to have me released.
Thank you so much
for doing that.
It means so much to me
that you defended me.
Of course.
But now I--
Now I realize how...
honorable and wise
our queen is.
I was wrong to come
between you both.
I mean, if I was a man,
I'’d be in love with her myself.
- Falista.
- So I'’ve made the decision
to hereby release you
from our marriage vows.
You'’re now free
to marry Rosmund,
and my army will remain
loyal to you as promised.
I don'’t know what to say.
[ music playing ]
- I'’ll show them crazy.
- Wren: Ah! Janzo, I--
I need to speak to you
about something.
One moment. Watch this.
You might enjoy it.
Muggs:
Ten for two! Come on.
Ahem! Listen up,
you gullible peasants!
Now allow me to demonstrate
my own magical elixir
on all of you.
I will now reveal that
one of you is infected. Ooh.
Introducing...
my magic finger.
This magic finger will lead us
to the indisputable
biggest threat
to the security
of this Outpost.
Please observe. Ah!
For gods'’ sake.
Ah. Nah.
Hmm, ah. Ah!
You'’re making a fool
of yourself, little man.
Am I really?
Ah! Hmm.
- Mwah!
- Man: Oh.
Exactly. "Oh."
Fear not, my fellow peasants.
This sleazy monstrosity
of a hustler
isn'’t actually infected.
Hmph. This is a common
nightglue beetle.
When smashed alive
onto somebody'’s forehead,
it leaves a glowing
phosphorescence
for just long enough
to convince you all to buy...
...his wilderberry juice.
Isn'’t that right?
This wilderberry juice
is no more of a cure
than the common man'’s water.
This man has jeopardized
the integrity of this Outpost
against infection.
And he'’ll answer
to the law for it.
Step aside! Step aside!
This man is under arrest.
- Right. Janzo--
- Did you see what I did there?
- Yes.
- I put that crook in his place
and I was bloody brilliant.
I'’m going to the Plane of Ashes
with Talon and Zed.
No. No, you'’re not.
We'’ll let someone else do it.
Uh, believe me, I wish I could.
It has to be me.
They won'’t succeed
without my help.
Well, why you? I mean,
what do you have to offer?
I mean, you'’re not exactly
a fighter, are you?
They need the help
of another Blackblood,
one who is likely only
to be willing to help me.
Why only you?
Because he'’s sort of
crazy in love with me.
- An old boyfriend?
- More of an old patient.
When I said that he was
crazy in love with me,
the operative word there
was crazy.
I don'’t understand.
[ groans ]
It'’s a long story.
All right,
uh, I saved his life--
never mind details.
He'’s insane,
as in he tries to kill anyone
who goes near him except me.
Wren, this man sounds
very dangerous.
He'’s the only one who can
locate the lava tubes
that Talon needs to find.
And he'’s most likely only
going to do that for me,
assuming that he still likes me,
given that I abandoned him
in the Plane of Ashes and all.
This is very, very dangerous.
I'’d really rather not lose you.
Well, I'’ll be back
before you know it.
Taken literally,
"back before you know it,"
that means when you do
eventually return,
then I won'’t know
until later on and then--
- Mmm.
- Shut up.
Come on.
Wren, do you have to go?
There you are.
We almost left without you.
I almost wish you did.
Must you take Wren?
- Well, that'’s up to her.
- They need me, Janzo.
Believe me, if they didn'’t,
I would never go back there.
I was thinking,
how do we know where
we'’ll come out in the Planes?
Best I can tell,
if the portal isn'’t targeting
a summoned name,
it goes to where
it last left from.
Wherever Yavalla left from.
Ah, hopefully someone
with some common sense.
Maybe the queen can talk you all
out of this suicide mission.
Rosmund: Janzo,
you know as well as I do
you can'’t talk Talon
out of anything.
Not too late, am I?
I'’d give you some advice,
but not sure you'’d listen.
[ chuckles ]
Probably not.
Come back alive, all right?
I always do.
[ music playing ]
[ ghostly whispering ]
Come in, my followers.
We shall conquer this Outpost
one by one.